ABBY LEE MILLER (VOICEOVER):
Previously, on Dance Moms.
I have been officially
invited to be on The View.
I am going to have the competition team
perform The Last Text.
My foot doesn't hurt anymore.
-- only score that received
an absolute perfect entry, 124A.
Anybody have a broom for the clean sweep?
MOM: Mackenzie's injured, right?
She was, you saw her crying.
I want to know where
the miracle came from.
Why don't you call the
[bleep] doctor and ask him?
ABBY LEE MILLER (VOICEOVER):
Coming up on Dance Moms.
Here we are, New York City.
Thank you for letting me on the team.
MELISSA GISONI: What do I have to do
to get Mackenzie to dance again?
I really think that she
needs to go on The View.
We are holding an open audition
for a contemporary dancer.
I danced with Mariah Carey.
Wow.
KRISTIE RAY: Who's going
to be in the dance?
ABBY LEE MILLER: I'm not sure yet.
MELISSA GISONI: I have
to fight for my daughter.
Let it die.
This is my decision.
[THEME - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON
THE DANCE FLOOR"]
THEME SONG: Get up, get on the floor.
My world is with my girls.
Living on the dance floor.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Something
really exciting has happened.
I have been called and
asked to co-host The View.
Sitting next to Whoopi Goldberg.
This is crazy!
And I'm really excited about it.
The kids are coming along.
All right, here we are, New York City.
[applause]
Remember, if you can make it here,
you can make it anywhere.
This week, we will be attending
the Masters of Dance competition,
and it's going to be tough.
This is our first time showing up.
We will be the underdog.
And Cathy, who we
thought would be in Ohio,
she's here in New York City.
Last time she beat you, it was bad.
A perfect score?
That doesn't happen too often.
She wants to do it again.
You going to let it happen?
Now, let's get to the pyramid.
On the bottom, Mackenzie.
You don't dance,
there's nothing to critique.
And next, Nia and Asia.
That wasn't a duet,
it wasn't partners working together.
It was you double-timing everything,
and it was you trying to keep up.
[dance music]
And next I have Brooke.
You do that side aerial to one knee,
you're the first face that comes forward.
[dance music]
ABBY LEE MILLER: You need to lock eyes
with one of those judges.
You need to draw them in
and tell them that story.
All we saw was the top of your head.
And moving up, Paige.
Paige, you didn't draw my focus.
Not in a good way, not in a bad way.
I think that's a good thing.
And next, Kendall.
Kendall, you've had a good run lately.
This week, you flew under the radar.
JILL VERTES: I'll take it any day.
Kendall's third on the pyramid,
I think it's great.
I think that's close to where she belongs.
And next, Maddie.
Last week, there was 11 points
between you and the next contestant.
This week, there was one.
You did not have your head in the game.
Wake up.
Taking a bite out of the Big Apple,
is Chloe.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: This is the first time
Chloe's been at the top of the pyramid
this entire competition season.
So it really goes to show
that she's back in the game,
and you can't count Chloe out.
You stayed on your music Chloe,
you remembered the choreography,
you applied the corrections,
you were beautiful.
Thank you.
ABBY LEE MILLER: So this week
at the Masters of Dance,
everybody is in the group routine.
[applause]
Asia, you're certainly
better on stage alone.
You will be performing a solo.
I have another solo going to Chloe.
Maddie, you will also be doing a solo.
I have one more routine to give out.
One more solo.
My last and final routine
is going to Kendall.
Now Jill, you can run along
to Henri Bendal and buy me a gift.
OK.
We have a lot
of choreography to get through,
but first things first.
We need to work
on The Last Text for The View.
I've arranged for the kids
to perform on The View,
and we're going to do
our award-winning number
from the National Finals, The Last Text.
And Asia, you will be doing The Last Text.
MELISSA GISONI: Mackenzie's
been in the dance since the get go.
I mean and she's fine, you know?
She hasn't been dancing.
And I would like her to be in it.
Which, that's just it,
she hasn't been dancing.
Yeah, but I would like her to be in it.
She's part of this team and she's been
here since she's three years old.
I think you should give her a chance.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Melissa, I need
you to let me work, understand?
I think Mackenzie should be dancing
on The View, for sure.
She's been a part of this team
since the beginning.
And Asia just came.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Come on,
let's move over here.
I want this to be on your
mind first, but you know it.
So we're just going to review it
and you all had some corrections,
that's we're going to do.
Mackenzie was originally
in The Last Text, but now I have Asia.
I really don't know what's
going on with Mackenzie's foot.
Melissa is the one that said
Mackenzie was hurt,
Mackenzie's crying, Mackenzie's in pain,
we went to a doctor.
Blah blah blah blah blah.
And now we're here in New York City
and the kids have a chance
to be on The View,
suddenly her foot's fine
and Melissa's back-pedalling again.
Somebody's has to hold Melissa
accountable for her words,
and it's going to be me.
You don't want to hit your
grand jete behind Kendall.
Really straighten those knees
on that back handspring.
There wasn't enough energy in that arm.
It's like-- you can't put
your head on the floor, Paige.
Melissa, who do you--
what do you think is going to go on
with The Last Text?
Do you think that Asia's doing it,
or do you think she's
going to put Kenzie in it?
MELISSA GISONI: I would
assume that Asia's in it.
I don't know.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I think
at this point, I think it's Asia.
I'm going to talk to Abby about it.
- JILL VERTES: You did or--
- I'm going to. Absolutely.
I'm not going to let my daughter
just be here and not do anything.
It's not right.
That little girl has been dragged around
for the last three weeks, ready to dance,
and she's not allowed.
I'm totally backing Melissa.
Mackenzie feels better,
Mackenzie was in the dance,
it's Mackenzie's spot.
It's a no-brainer.
Asia's just practicing really hard so--
MELISSA GISONI: Why can't
they both be in the group?
Well, I don't know, you have to ask Abby.
That's Abby's call, it's not my call.
It's not the Asia's call, so--
JILL VERTES: So you understand,
this was our national winning number,
why Mackenzie should be in it
and not Asia?
Have her add Kenzie to the group.
Mackenzie has put her time in.
KRISTI RAY: But I'm not
going to sit there and go,
Asia go, tell Abby.
No.
Whoever Abby picks, I'm fine with.
But I do think that if Mackenzie
is really hurt,
that she shouldn't just be
automatically OK because
we we're going on The View.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Mackenzie, come here.
I don't understand why your mom
is letting Asia walk in and take over.
She's had all this and all that,
and everyone's loving her,
and they're going to forget about you.
And your mom's just sitting out there
letting this woman come from California,
and take over everything.
Try to be overstretching your splits,
do something while you're in here.
All right, now listen to me.
This is a very important opportunity
for your dance teacher.
This is national television.
This is The View, and I'm co-hosting it
for the entire hour episode.
I'm nervous. I am.
I'm going to count on you being
respectful, being well-behaved,
being perfect young ladies.
Acting like you are professional,
trained dancers.
Understood?
All right.
We do have a great number,
it's a very competitive week.
It's really important,
especially if it's such a--
The boys scored a perfect score last time.
What if she is a co-host with Abby?
Abby will freak.
I would love it if Cathy
was a co-host on The View with Abby.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Moms and dads,
come on in.
Welcome to the Big Apple.
[applause]
First of all, I want to tell you boys,
thank you so much for our clean sweep.
You were awesome.
Awesome.
So, I was very upset with Abby's
demeanor and behavior towards me.
ABBY LEE MILLER: You
never produced anything.
She is dirt under my feet.
She also said that I was a joke,
a hack job,
I don't have a nice studio.
She has to lose again.
My team is going to be competing
at a competition,
and I know that
the Abby Lee Dance Company
is going to be here.
So, we are here in pursuit
of another win against Abby.
So first we have Nick.
Nick, you were spectacular.
I mean, there wasn't
a dry eye at the competition.
- You were fabulous.
- NICK DANIELS: Thank you.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Next we have Jalen.
You're in the middle,
right where you need to be,
in between the two tall towers.
And then we have Brandon.
And at the top of the pyramid is Zack.
And Zack, you are there
because you were top soloist.
And you are going to have a solo
again this week.
OK.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: I have brought
back Anthony Burrell
as our guest choreographer.
I think he's going to show
us some stuff this week
that is more what Anthony
has a passion for.
- Absolutely.
- Yeah,
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: So we are going
to do a contemporary group.
We are holding an open audition here today
for a contemporary dancer.
The dance that Anthony
has choreographed and has visioned
is going to require a girl.
And our team is all boys.
So we're coming into New York City
and we're going to hold an open audition
and look for a new dancer.
So I hope that everybody's happy
and pleased with what is going on,
because I know that I am.
[applause]
[cars honking]
MELISSA GISONI: Kenzie, come here.
So what did Miss Abby say to you?
But, what did you say?
I'm an eight-year-old kid,
what am I supposed to do?
MELISSA GISONI: OK, but what am I
supposed to do about it Kenzie?
I'm going to talk to Miss Abby about it,
because it's ridiculous.
You're a team member, you're fine,
you need to be in this dance.
I have to convince Abby
to let Mackenzie dance.
I'm not allowing this new Kristie
to come in and just take over.
Ab, what do I have to do to
get Mackenzie to dance again?
I've been very dedicated to you,
I would do anything you asked.
ABBY LEE MILLER: This isn't about you.
I really have to teach her the solo.
This is about Mackenzie.
I want her to dance
and she wants to dance, Ab.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Asia, come on.
What do I have to do to
get Mackenzie to dance again?
I mean, I really think that
she needs to go on The View.
I just feel like you're
replacing Mackenzie
and you don't want her anymore,
in the group anymore.
And she really wants to dance, so bad.
And I've been very dedicated to you,
I would do anything you ask me to do.
ABBY LEE MILLER: This isn't about you.
She just dances like a little kid.
MELISSA GISONI: She's eight.
I gave her one older routine this season,
and she forgot it and stood on stage.
I think she draws eyes,
I think she's too short.
MELISSA GISONI: Asia's just as small.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I know, but she wants it.
Her mother wants it
MELISSA GISONI: Mackenzie wants it too.
This is what this is about Mackenzie.
I want her to dance,
and she wants to dance, Ab.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Asia, come on.
MELISSA GISONI: I'm definitely frustrated,
because Abby's like, nope, Asia's here,
she's going to dance.
Abby has always told me that she
wants my kids to stay as cute
as long as they can.
I don't want my daughter to be
sassy on stage at age eight.
Not at all.
What? What happened?
Did you have the courage to say something?
MELISSA GISONI: I said to Abby,
I said Mackenzie wants to dance.
She wants to dance.
She says, well, you know,
Mackenzie's too short.
I said Asia's the same size as Mackenzie.
KELLY HYLAND: So what was the
outcome of the conversation?
MELISSA GISONI: She said Asia
wants it more than Mackenzie.
I'm like, OK.
She said you want more from Asia.
What am I here every freaking day--
OK, but Melissa, now you're getting mad
because she's saying that about Asia.
But whenever she says to me,
Maddie wants it more than your kids,
you two look at me and say I'm jealous.
So like how do you like it?
It's hard for me that
a stranger comes in--
KELLY HYLAND: Yeah it's hard for us too.
That's the same thing.
But you have to also respect
what they're feeling every week.
It's hard to see my
eight-year-old not dance.
I'm fully on Christi and Kelly's side.
JILL VERTES: Well, Of course you are,
because you want Asia in the number.
KRISTI RAY: It has
nothing to do about that.
If it was me,
I'd put agent Kenzie head to head.
Toe to toe.
So there's nothing for me to prove.
[jazz music]
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Come on, let's go!
For 7.
You are auditioning
for Candy Apples Dance Center.
Do you know who
Candy Apples Dance Center is?
Yes.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: So let
me tell you something girls,
you have to be stellar.
I'm the artistic director
of Candy Apples Dance Center,
and this is Vivi.
And she's going to be checking
you out as far as stage presence.
She has to be dazzled.
So just go ahead
and give me your name, please.
Hi I'm Kayley.
Hi, I'm Caroline and I'm nine.
Hello, I'm Maddie.
And I don't know if
we want another Maddie.
You might get nixed just
because of the name.
Sorry.
Well, let's go.
Anthony, they're all yours.
ANTHONY BURRELL: All right,
spread out ladies.
You're going to reach out your hands,
one, drop two.
Fan kick six.
But bend your knees.
Five, six, seven and ah.
Let's go, let's move on.
Let's get another group in here,
we got to see what we got.
My name's Elena.
My name is Freya.
Hi, I'm Hannah and I'm 12.
What's your name, Had?
Hannah.
Oh, Hannah!
Drop your back, heads to the floor.
I was on the Katie Couric show.
I made it into ABT.
I danced with Mariah Carey.
Wow.
You have to be bigger than life, OK?
- Next group?
- CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Next group.
Stop. Did you guys bring your resumes?
Yeah.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: I love that.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Where's
the face, the emotion?
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: The technique
that we're looking for,
I'm not really seeing with you guys.
Nothing in that group.
ANTHONY BURRELL:
Don't be yourself, be beautiful.
She was good but she wasn't like,
knocked me off my seat.
OK, so guys, thank you
so much for coming today.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Great job though, ladies.
Great job.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Very nice job.
This is hard work auditioning people,
isn't it?
- I'm hungry.
- You're hungry also?
I asked for chocolate,
and we didn't get any.
Vivi like my little buddy and I trust her
because Vivi has a really good insight.
How's your eyes?
Are they burning?
Yeah, I don't know why.
I don't either.
Hi there.
You are a dancer.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK.
Real quickly, what I'd like to know
is your name and your age.
Charles, I'm 10.
Are you sure you dance?
Yeah.
What type of dance do you do?
I like to express myself while I dance.
Sometimes when I get mad,
I just dance and just it calms me down.
Very good. OK.
All right, let's go.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Dance, go.
Let me see who you are.
Yes, let go, let go, be free, be free.
Express yourself.
Go in guys, I'm not seeing enough.
I need face.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: OK guys.
OK. OK.
ANTHONY BURRELL: That was inspiring man.
- Thank you.
- Thank you. Never give up dancing, OK?
From a male dancer to another.
You have something special
and keep working hard, OK?
Are you the only boy that's out there?
- Please tell me no.
- Yes.
I said please tell me no.
KRISTI RAY: Asia, come here,
come over here.
This is for Abby for letting you
go on The View with the team,
because you're new here.
And for her to pick you to go on the team,
it's very important that
you show her appreciation.
And I want you to sign this
and want you to take it in there
and show your appreciation
for letting you, OK?
OK, go on.
- ABBY LEE MILLER: What's that?
- KELLY HYLAND: What's this?
What's she doing?
It's a thank you card
for letting me be on the team.
Oh!
"They had written thank you cards,
but this one fit my gratitude better."
Thank you.
KELLY HYLAND: Maybe you should
have Kenzie give her one,
saying, "Please let me go."
JILL VERTES: It's a big pink elephant
on the front of the card.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK:
There is a pink elephant in the room.
For once it's not Abby.
Thank you for letting me be
on The View with the other girls.
I appreciate this.
Very nice, sweetheart, thank you.
It was a very thoughtful gift,
and I really appreciate the time
and the energy
that she put into that gift.
I still haven't decided who is going
to be in the number and who isn't.
The jury is still out,
you might be in, you might not be in.
All right, you have a solo
because we need the points.
You're in the mini division
and you need to win.
Let's go.
[dance music]
Asia has an amazing solo this week,
it's called the robot.
And it's going to be hard
to keep her a little stiff,
but we're going to try.
Ball change, glissade, jete.
Hurry up!
Your foot sickled.
All one motion.
Now you're going to push
away on your left foot.
No.
Your other left foot.
What part do I come up
and hold like this part?
ABBY LEE MILLER: It's just like one, two.
JILL VERTES: I was actually
surprised Asia's doing a solo.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I think
it would be smarter if she would
have had Brooke do a solo.
You could have had solos
in an older age category,
the middle age category,
and the younger.
How long has it been since
my kids have had a solo?
Like, they don't expect
to get a solo anymore.
JILL VERTES: But I heard
you say you don't--
I don't care.
I don't care anymore.
You know what, when I'm in New York,
I'm going to go and do things on my own,
without Abby.
Because obviously, Abbey really
could give a [bleep] about my two kids.
Asia has been on our
team for how many weeks,
and she's had how many duets and solos?
And that right there tells you.
Do it myself.
Are you going to try
to do the modeling thing for Paige?
I would love to, yes.
Because isn't that a big agencies--
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Preach, sister, preach.
I'm going to play
the momager role this week.
I'm in New York City,
neither one of my kids have a solo.
I'm going to take them out,
and I'm going to do things for them
to get them ahead.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Vivi,
what do you think about that last group?
No I don't really like them that much.
They were terrible.
I know.
I mean, the little girl in the mint,
she's borderline.
And I liked Maddie,
only because she's experienced.
And she's had,
she had good ballet training.
You could tell just by
the way she held herself.
- Yeah.
- What do you think about the 12-year-old?
I think she's too big for the guys,
like mass-wise.
She's very mature looking.
I like that one that's 10 better than her.
I mean, she has the facility
and information,
but I think with her instrument,
it's enough.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: The three boys that
are going to be doing the group dance
all have such wonderful qualities.
So I'm looking for another team
player that's just going to fit
right in with these boys.
That's going to gel immediately.
So, guys, you are the
finalists, which in itself,
that was a big win, OK?
Charles, step forward please.
You are like very inspirational.
I want to tell you to keep up
the good work,
because the boys are few and far between.
I got chills right now,
because I know being who you are,
a young little boy,
you get teased and called
names for doing what you do.
And I was once this little kid.
Wherever this leads today, continue.
Continue man.
[applause]
You did-- all did an awesome job,
but we both have decided upon number--
All right guys, in a straight line please.
You did-- all did an awesome job,
but we both have decided
upon number,
number 80516.
Victoria!
It was a hard decision.
Victoria comes from Studio Larken,
and they have a fabulous reputation.
Not only that, I think that
Abby has seen them before
and it's going to be kind of fun
if she recognizes Victoria,
and now Victoria's on our team.
ANTHONY BURRELL:
All of you are very talented.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: You're very talented.
- Thank you.
- Congratulations!
ABBY LEE MILLER: Come on girls, let's go!
Five, six, seven, eight.
Step, fan, behind, push,
back black isn't high enough.
The group dance this week
is called runaways.
They end up all alone and on the streets.
It's a topic that needs attention.
So if you think it's bad at home,
believe me it's much worse
to be cold and hungry
and alone on the streets.
Brooke, you're still bending
your knee every time you fan.
It's like you're walking
through mud or water.
Push, push.
Imagine trying to get down
the sidewalk in New York City,
and all these people
are rushing towards you.
Push them out of the way, use your elbows.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I'm really
worried about the theme.
It is a relevant topic.
I think it's going to be like
The Last Text,
where it's like sending a message.
Like, don't text and drive.
Like that's sending a good message.
Like I don't see it as being negative.
But I think it's one
of those opportunities that's
a great way to raise
awareness and educate,
if it's done tastefully.
I always think those
are the numbers that do well.
MELISSA GISONI: Like the children dance.
And I think that was freaky
when she explained to them.
KELLY HYLAND: It was one
of their best numbers they ever did.
It was.
Paige, Brooke, you forgot what to do.
You forgot what to do again.
Now, I saw mistakes in the group routine.
I saw a lot of mistakes.
The girls just don't look clean,
they don't look sharp,
they don't look tight.
They need to win.
We need to go out there
and beat Cathy's boys.
Girls, get it together.
You need to step on stage,
and you need to beat her.
All right, that's it.
Wrap them. Done.
I can't look at them anymore.
I am not reviewing one step.
If you come in here
and you do something wrong,
or you forgot something, eeh.
Do something for yourself.
The whole world does not hand you
your life on a silver platter.
Figure it out.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Let's go.
Let's go get some cheesecake.
- So, you're having fun?
- Yep
Ready for some cheesecake?
- WAITER: Hi ladies, how are you?
- Hi. Good.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Juniors.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN:
We're actually here for dessert.
I want one with raspberry in it.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN:
I'll just have a plain one of those, then.
- OK, thank you.
- Thank you, ladies.
All right.
And I want to tell you what,
I need this break.
Do you like the way we have
to get around New York?
No.
It's hard to get a taxi,
and then when you have to walk,
your feet start to hurt.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Yeah.
What's your favorite thing
so far about New York?
Probably the shopping and stuff like--
Really? The shopping?
Oh honey, mommy's teaching you so well.
- And I like the pizza.
- I think you've had how many pieces?
About like five already.
So, what do you think of Victoria?
I think she's nice.
Is she nice?
Have you guys had a moment to talk?
No, not really, but she seems
like she's probably nice.
I haven't really got to see
your dance again that much.
She's cute, huh?
Yes she's a cute little girl.
Why do you keep making rabbit noses at me?
Because my nose is stuffed up,
because I a cold.
Wipe it off.
Go straight down.
I know, I know,
I know how to do that, yeah.
WAITER: Ladies, your dessert is here.
- Thank you so much.
- You're welcome.
So, why do you think that
you and Jalen are so close?
I don't know.
Do you think that he's cute?
You don't think Jalen is cute?
Like you wouldn't consider
him like a boyfriend?
Just a friend?
I don't think it would hurt
if you admitted that you think
Jalen's pretty cute.
Don't you like his swag?
Do you like his dad swag?
Well, I think he's pretty doggone cute.
I think that you guys make a cute couple.
Oh! Look at that-
This is so exciting!
ABBY LEE MILLER:
It's the morning of The View,
and I was a little bit
nervous before I got here,
but now that I'm here at the studio,
I just can't wait to get out there.
OK, is that good girls?
You want to check it out? Check it out.
All right guys, places.
I need you not to pay attention
to anything that's going on,
but to me.
The girls are going
to perform The Last Text.
Putting choreography
on live TV is difficult.
We start out rehearsing the girls,
all the cameramen are there,
all the sound guys.
They're watching the girls.
They're serious about their jobs.
And I love being here with
all this professionalism.
Five, six, seven and Asia.
Did you see where you are?
Are you in line with that first pole?
Yes.
You came too far downstage.
You know what, Asia, come out of there.
You go in, right now,
so she can see what you do.
I am swapping Asia and Mackenzie out,
in and out, in and out,
because I want to see who's
going to actually perform.
All right, Mackenzie, what happened?
I give you the opportunity to practice it,
I want to use Asia,
and now you do a cartwheel,
you stop, then you move forward
and do a back handspring.
What was going on?
ABBY LEE MILLER: Thought you were
going to fall off the stage?
I really want Mackenzie to do it
because she was part
of the original award winning number,
but Melissa has to learn that she
doesn't get her cake and eat it too.
And Asia is just raring to go.
Bigger, Paige. When it gets hit,
when the car hits the impact,
you need to levitate out of that car.
Like if you-- if the seat
that would be holding you in,
you need to boom.
It's bigger, like that your
butt up out of the seat almost.
Go.
Paige, you're doing this.
The wheels there.
Don't, don't.
Bigger, sharper.
I'm embarrassed as a teacher.
I'm sitting over here
and it's like I'm humiliated.
I mean, come on.
This is The View.
All right, let's go guys.
KRISTI RAY: Asia's fine,
but she did practice it,
but you keep going back
and forth with Abby about getting
Kenzie in the dance, and--
MELISSA GISONI: Yeah, I should.
I'm sticking up for my kid.
KRISTI RAY: But I'm
sticking up for mine too.
That's fine.
KRISTI RAY: Because she's
mature enough to understand,
but also it keeps being
an issue in her face.
And then you have Jill chiming
in and everyone chiming in.
That is what's not fair.
I have Melissa here crying
about Mackenzie going on.
Asia is fine with whatever,
but let's just get it over with,
and let's just say who's going on stage,
so I don't have the peanut gallery
here in the corner
talking madness on Asia.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK:
Didn't you already talk to Abby?
MELISSA GISONI: At the studio.
Because you were really upset,
and now you're like kind of--
MELISSA GISONI: I'm ti-ti-ti-ti-di.
I'm still upset.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: No, you're not.
I'm not going to do it in
front-- my kids are here,
Christi, and we're on The View.
So we're happy to be on The View, OK?
If Mackenzie is not it,
Mackenzie is not in it.
No, but I think that you know--
I want Mackenzie-
I do not know.
- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I think you know.
- No I don't.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK:
I think you do know, Melissa.
- MELISSA GISONI: I don't know.
- Why don't you ever just like--
MELISSA GISONI: Because I don't know
that Mackenzie is in it or not.
I want her in it.
She's been on this team for years.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: No,
nobody's saying that.
What I'm calling you out on is the fact
that you always do stuff
behind everybody's back.
MELISSA GISONI: Oh, OK.
You do, you do.
She doesn't know,
and neither do I. That's what--
KRISTI RAY: I just wish that
you would stop going, OK,
Abby is Mackenzie--
- MELISSA GISONI: Why?
- Because she's my daughter.
I have to fight for my daughter.
KRISTI RAY: It's like this whole
big charade about this foot,
all I keep hearing is about
this foot, and I'm like OK--
MELISSA GISONI: I'm not
bringing it up. The foot's done.
KRISTI RAY: Let Abby pick
and be done with it.
Let it die.
HOLLY FRAZIER: Unfortunately,
Melissa dug herself a hole.
Melissa said from the very beginning
that Mackenzie was injured,
and how Melissa initially framed
it sounded like we didn't know
when Mackenzie was going to be
well enough to dance again.
It was like an indefinite injury.
I think the point is, is that
Melissa is the one who made
such a big deal about the foot,
and she couldn't do it
if it was competing against
Asia in a competition.
Now that it's for The View,
all of a sudden
Mackenzie's miraculously better.
Oh, please.
Give me a [bleep] BREAK.
I wanted Mackenzie
to dance last week, Christi.
OK.
It's an overuse injury, Christi, get it.
It's not a broken bone.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I get it,
but you're the one who made it
into a huge thing!
I mean, what else am I supposed to do?
I mean, I want my daughter to dance,
I'm sorry.
But she's, you know, she's on the team.
I want her to dance.
I want Mackenzie to dance.
She's ready to dance.
When we're in our hotel room, all she does
is dance, and practice, and stretch.
She is ready.
KRISTI RAY: Melissa, you're
acting like a jealous mom.
MELISSA GISONI: No!
No, I'm just saying.
What was that--
Careful.
She doesn't like that it's
happening to someone else.
I'm trying to explain,
but you don't let me [bleep] talk.
I'm telling you--
KRISTI RAY: You need to
be clearer, because--
MELISSA GISONI: I'm talking!
So I can understand you.
I'm not talking.
[cheering]
Kristi, look at you!
KRISTI RAY: Here in person, I was just--
ABBY LEE MILLER: Fabulous.
KRISTI RAY: Thank you.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I want to be
like that when I grow up.
She looks great.
Who's is going to be in the dance?
I'm not sure yet if Asia
or Mackenzie are doing the dance.
Mackenzie already got to do it,
and she's been hurt,
and it's, you know, I'm kind of getting
that she was hurt because she didn't want
to go up against Asia.
So I need to go,
I need to get into hair and makeup.
That's show business, ladies.
Have them ready.
- OK.
- OK
JILL VERTES: There they are!
The stars of the day!
HOLLY FRAZIER:
Abby said by the time she comes in here,
she wants you dressed and ready,
so be nice and warmed up.
For the most part, Melissa is very guarded
and not letting you see
how upset she is that Asia
is basically taking over Mackenzie's role.
I mean, I think there's a perception
that Mackenzie's space,
or her place on the team,
is a little threatened by Asia.
MELISSA GISONI: Oh, don't,
don't do that again, Kenz.
No more doing that, OK?
Just leave it.
KRISTI RAY: This is life.
It's not always fair, right?
So, whatever she decides,
we're going to go with it.
If you're not in the dance,
You kn- I know you're mature
enough to understand.
MELISSA GISONI: You know,
most likely you're not
going to be in the dance, OK?
So don't get upset.
No pouting, no crying, OK?
KRISTI RAY: That's how it is, right?
OK, so, you just watch and be happy,
and hope the group just does really well.
If you're in it--
MELISSA GISONI: It is what it is.
PRODUCER: Sherri's going
to talk about a shout out
to her ex-husband, complimenting him,
which we talked about in Hot Topic.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Yeah,
I get the last word there.
- You love that.
- I love that.
Postal Service fashions.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Co-hosting
The View is huge.
I mean, I'm a dance teacher
from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
And here I am dealing with
Oscar winner Whoopi Goldberg?
This is crazy.
WHOOPI GOLDBERG: Today,
our guest co-host week
continues with Abby Lee Miller.
[applause]
CHRISTI LUKASIAK:
The fake smile is killing me.
JILL VERTES: No, I told you.
I told you she would be on
her best, charming behavior.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: She'll be on cloud nine.
WHOOPI GOLDBERG: Abby, listen to me.
You're thought to be a tough teacher.
I am tough.
I think that there's a way to coach,
and there's a way not to coach.
I don't think you can necessarily
break a kid on field if they
feel supported at home, right?
ABBY LEE MILLER: There's a child
and I could say, honey,
when your foot comes through,
so cou-de-pied into passe,
you need to open your hip
and tuck your derriere under.
One time, very nicely,
[snap], it's fixed.
Another kid, you have to yell at them
until you're blue in the face.
HOLLY FRAZIER: I'm a little surprised.
It seems as though that most
of the hosts really like Abby.
Like she has a fan club on The View.
All right girls, we're ready for you.
[excited chatting]
Do what you got to do.
This is your moment.
You're on national TV.
- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Make it count.
- Make it count.
Millions are watching.
HOLLY FRAZIER: Break a leg, all of you.
Who's going to dance?
Asia? Mackenzie?
I have no idea.
Ready, ladies?
ABBY LEE MILLER: Ready, girls?
Shoulders down, long necks.
So, Elisabeth leads, dance performance,
and then you
and all the hosts will come
in at the end, say goodbye.
The girls look great.
They're serious, they're acting
like seasoned professionals.
I'm thrilled with their behavior.
All right.
This is my decision.
You are going to do the number.
You are coming out with me at the end.
- ABBY LEE MILLER: Understand?
- Yes.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
The next time you're hurt,
I go to the doctor with you.
- Understood?
- Yes.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Because I think
your mother is lying.
Let's go.
I put Mackenzie in The Last Text,
because three different times
I told Asia where she needed to fall,
she kept doing it wrong.
Wrong gets you tossed out.
ELISABETH HASSELBECK:
Here to perform The Last Text,
please welcome the dance troupe from
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
[applause]
[music begins]
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: When Mackenzie
pops up from behind the seat
in The Last Text,
all is well in Melissa's little world.
Look at her foot.
You see her foot up?
I never noticed her doing that before.
KRISTI RAY: Personally,
I knew this was going to happen,
but Abby's going to go ahead
and take loyalty over talent.
That's fine.
KELLY HYLAND: I'm not surprised
that Mackenzie ended up
doing this dance at all.
I think that Abby knew all week
of who she was going
to have do this dance.
[applause]
MACKENZIE ZIEGLER: As soon as
I did my cartwheel over the seat,
I was like, I'm back.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Co-hosting
The View, that's a dream come true.
But right now,
I only have one thing on my mind,
and that's beating Cathy.
[city bustle]
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: This group number
is going to be stupendous.
- I think that the girl that we chose--
- Yes, she was--
--she's going to be perfect
for what we want her to be.
With the fact that Abby
has seen my all boy team
for the past couple of competitions,
I think that bringing in somebody
that has the qualities
that Victoria has is definitely
going to throw them for a loop.
Well, listen, you know
yesterday I had an audition.
So I needed somebody that
was really going to enhance you.
So, we found a girl.
You know, I like to do the unexpected
when it comes to Abby.
She's going to think
because of last time
when we did so amazing that we're
going to have all boys.
So now we bring in this girl that she
doesn't know who the girl is.
- Hi
- ALL: Oh.
Wow!
- RICK TESTERMAN: Are you tough?
- Oh, yeah!
Because you've got to be
tough to be on this team.
We don't take no mess.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN:
They're expecting the all boys,
and here we're going to come in
with this beautiful girl,
who is not only beautiful,
but a great dancer.
And and it's probably
going to rock their world.
ANTHONY BURRELL: And you, unfold.
You, unfold.
Six, seven and a eight.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Lay back, Brandon.
Put your head on her.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: The Day of the Dead
happens after Halloween,
and it's a Mexican holiday.
And it's a very jubilant time
with lots of garish face painting,
lots of over-the-top costuming.
So I think that this theme
is a good thing for us,
and it's going to be a lot
of fun to take to the stage.
So guys I don't think it was clear.
It's like Zack is pushing it,
you're going like this.
Five, six, then you're
doing seven and a eight.
OK? That wasn't completely clear.
It is clear. You just got to open
your mind and brains,
and stop being so closed-minded.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Easy.
Six, seven, eight and--
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Victoria's
a technically sound dancer
and she's very pliable with the boys.
The boys are having a very easy time
with her in partnering.
How are you feeling, Victoria?
Comfortable? Good.
Boys, it's a match!
It's match made in heaven.
- ABBY LEE MILLER: Hey hey.
- Hi.
JILL VERTES: There she is.
- ABBY LEE MILLER: Hello!
- Good job.
Oh, and you're all in a good mood
because Mackenzie danced.
- And I told her--
- MELISSA GISONI: Yes, thank you.
ABBY LEE MILLER: -- the next time
either one of your kids go to the doctor,
I'm going, because I think
you're lying to me.
I'm not.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Well, that's just--
I'm just saying.
MOMS: Oh, hey!
Good job, you guys--
[indistinct chatter]
-- did she tell you not to listen to me?
Go tell Abby.
You tired? I see somebody yawning.
- MACKENZIE ZIEGLER: No, I'm not tired.
- Everyboby's up since four.
I've been up since 6:05.
KENDALL VERTES: Of course
Asia's not tired.
I'm never tired.
ABBY LEE MILLER: She isn't.
She's ready to go.
There's nothing wrong with
a little healthy competition.
Yes, you should want to turn like Asia,
and you should want to do your
acro tricks like Mackenzie.
That's the way it has to be, you know?
She just got off being
in a major competition show.
And she lives in California,
there's a million opportunities for her
to do.
So you need to learn from that,
and take that.
- Yes?
- Yes.
She's a very mature seven-year-old.
All right girls,
great part of the day, but it's over.
It's another thing on your resume,
excellent.
But now, we need to concentrate
on the competition this weekend.
Let's get focused, get ready,
review what you had yesterday
so you're ready to go on.
I told you before,
I'm not going backwards.
I'm not correcting things
you learned yesterday.
We need to move ahead.
ABBY LEE MILLER (VOICEOVER):
Next on Dance Moms.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Do not
embarrass me with Cathy.
Do not embarrass me in New York.
KRISTI RAY: Look at me
when you talk to me.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I'm looking
you in the eye, bitch.
Bitch? Let's go.
Step out of my face. I have a kid--
You want to see me in your face?
He has anger issues
and he better stay away from us.
Kick you right in the [bleep] [bleep]...
What the hell's wrong with you?
Crazy.
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: And you know what?
You're going to go down every week.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
You were ripping on Paige.
You said she should give it up
and go model.
I heard it.
KELLY HYLAND: You're not her dance teacher
so don't give her critique. (CRYING)
You humiliated her in front
of an entire [bleep] audience.